---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## What did you do this past week?
We learned that there are multiple ways to pass parameters into functions in Python. You can pass by position or name and also unpack iterables, but you have to be careful because there is a certain order that they are accepted in. On Wednesday, we had a guest speaker, Conrad Stoll, from Mutal Mobile come and talk about open source and how he uses it in regards to building mobile apps for his company. I liked his presentation, but I have always thought of Open Source as intimidating because your code is being shared with whoever chooses to use it. I guess I'm afraid that I would push terrible code and get decimated for it. 

## What's in your way?
My nerves always get the best of me. I second guess myself too much, and my quiz scores reflect that. I am always in my head and doubting myself to the point where it always negatively impacts my scores, especially in CS classes. I guess it coud be due to imposter syndrome. Welp.

## What will you do next week?
I will review for the test and create my cheat sheet. I am hoping that whatever information I put on there will be helpful. I'll go over all the functions that w have written in class and look over the projects again to make sure that I actually understand what is going on for each function. I'm also going to try and work out my own examples. I'm very nervous, but I have faith in myself that I will do well.

##Tip of the Week
This tip is for all of the lazy note takers. Google Docs now lets you edit/format documents now using only your [voice] (http://mashable.com/2016/02/24/google-docs-voice-commands/#hTPt4Ku7g5qH). The browser that supports this is of course, Chrome.
