---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## What did you do this past week?
My partner and I finished up the Netflix project. I actually enjoyed the assignment and liked learning about pickle files. I think the hardest part was of course conjuring up an algorithm that would give an RMSE of less than 1, but even that was not too difficult. The project also gave me a chance to learn more about caching and efficiency. In class, we learned about generators and how they get exhausted. We also learned about yield and reviewed lists, tuples, and other iterables. On Friday we learned about comprehension and how programmers are so lazy that we like t do everything in one line of code. It's a little funny how laziness can lead to efficiency.

## What's in your way?
I am a little worried about the upcoming test, as there is so many little details to remember. My probability test is in the same week as this one so I need to make sure to use my time wisely to ensure that I do well on both exams. All of my classes are starting to pick up in work so I am feeling the pressure.

## What will you do next week?
I will start reviewing for this test as well as my probability exam. I will also start thinking of a side project to complete in order to obtain the extra credit for having a portfolio. I also have a lot of meetings for orgs and the company that I am building a website for. I feel a little overwhelmed. 

##Tip of the Week
Back up all of your projects while working on them as much as possible. I was working on website, messed up some code and ended up losing all the work that I had worked on for the past few hours. Luckily, I remembered what I did, so it was not that much of an issue.
