---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## What did you do this past week?

  I started the Collatz project. I am mostly finished but I need to create some acceptance tests and create logs of all my commits and Travis CI build. I am a little frustrated with Sphere, as I cannot find out what their new solution is. I also took a couple of quizzes for the class and I missed a question on the last two quizzes because I didn't read carefully.

## What's in your way?
  I am in the way of myself. My nerves and lack of confidence always get the best of me when it comes to programming. I think I would've spent a lot less time on the project if I did not second guess myself. Other than that, no blockage for me!

## What will you do next week?
  I will finish up Project 1 by adding in acceptance tests and creating the production logs. I also plan to re-vamp my blog. I know I said I would get it done this week, but I got so caught up in getting my solution accepted my Sphere (which still hasn't happened yet).
  
## Course Reflections
I am liking the course a lot. I feel like I have already learned so much. I enjoy Downing's teaching style and I believe, though intimidating, calling students out helps to keep everyone focused in class. I have also learned the importance of ACTUALLY reading the required materials, rather than just scanning through the pages. The quizzes can help or hurt your grade a lot, so keeping up with the readings is a definite factor in succeeding in the course. Luckily, some of the quizzes will probably be dropped at the end of the semester. 

## Tip of the week
Do not use the GDC printer for your career fair resumes. It creates the following issues:  
  + A giant queue of people waiting to print out their own papers
    - Most of these papers will be other resumes.
  + People getting tired of waiting for their papers to be printed, so they leave with their print job still in the queue
    - This wastes paper once the now gone person's papers finally print.
  + People not understanding that they have to wait for the people printing ahead of them, so they click the PRINT button a million     times because they think the printer is acting up.
    - This creates even more jobs for the printer to do, making the wait for printing even longer.
    
Bottom line is: JUST DON'T DO IT. Plus, if you print more than one page at a time, the printer is set to make all your papers doubled sided. (:
