---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## What did you do this past week?
I took a test in this course and also in probability. During class, we learned about Decorators, which I think are pretty useful. Pythin amazes me more and more each week.

## What's in your way?
I need to find a group for Project 3 and I am little nervous about it. I really want to find a group of people who actually want to make a really cool site and not just do the project just for a grade.

## What will you do next week?
I will try to find a group for the Project and start so that I won't have to stress about it over the break. I'm excited to see that we have another guest speaker so I am looking forward to that. 

## About Test 1
I thought the test was very fair in relation to what we learned in class. I am not feeling too great because for the last portion I could not figure out the full algorithm in time, despite knowing the rest of the material needed to complete the problems. I think the questions regarding the readings were giveaway points, which was nice. I think that my cheat sheet was very useful, but not as necessary as I thought it would be. Turns out I ended up remembering a lot of the material just from creating and studying my cheat sheet. I do know I should spend more time on the readings for the next test.

## Tip of the Week
I found a decent [Flask Tutorial] (http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world) . I thought it would be helpful for the upcoming project.
