---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## What did you do this past week?

  I finished the Collatz project. I think the most difficult part about the assignment was making sure you were using the tools correctly and had everything correct in all of the files for submission. I am very happy and relieved that I did not recieve an email saying I broke the graders build. We also learned about types and operators in python. We also learned about tuples and lists, which can be a pain in the butt and a damper on your quiz grade if you are not fairly familiar with them. We also did a little in class coding where we had to implement a factorial function and also a reduce function. I enjoy doing these small assignments in class because it is engaging and gives us the opportunity to see how many different ways one task can be implemented. 

## What's in your way?
 I have a lot of things that I need to do, and not a lot of time to do them. I need to stay on top of everything and completely swear off procrastination in order to avoid burning out. 
 
## What will you do next week?
  I will find a partner and start Project 2. I looked at the instruction page and the assignment looks really fun, mainly because it involves Netflix. I am a little confused as to what the assignment really calls for us to do, but I am sure Professor Downing will explain it to us in class this week. I'll also be starting my web dev gig, which I am excited about. Doing this job will give me the opportunity to start a portfolio. 
  
##Tip of the Week
  [DiffChecker] (https://www.diffchecker.com/) is a tool that compares the differences between two text files. This was very useful for me during the Collatz project when I needed to compare a file between commits because the way that Github does comparisons is very confusing for me. I like that in DiffChecker I can see the whole file, including lines that were not changed, which was not an option tha Github provided (from what I could see).
